model input features in order:

REPORT_YEAR
TYPE_Break_and_Enter_Commercial
TYPE_Break_and_Enter_Residential_Other
TYPE_Mischief
TYPE_Other_Theft
TYPE_Theft_from_Vehicle
TYPE_Theft_of_Bicycle
TYPE_Theft_of_Vehicle
TYPE_Vehicle_Collision_or_Pedestrian_Struck__with_Fatality_
TYPE_Vehicle_Collision_or_Pedestrian_Struck__with_Injury_
NEIGHBOURHOOD_Arbutus_Ridge
NEIGHBOURHOOD_Central_Business_District
NEIGHBOURHOOD_Dunbar_Southlands
NEIGHBOURHOOD_Fairview
NEIGHBOURHOOD_Grandview_Woodland
NEIGHBOURHOOD_Hastings_Sunrise
NEIGHBOURHOOD_Kensington_Cedar_Cottage
NEIGHBOURHOOD_Kerrisdale
NEIGHBOURHOOD_Killarney
NEIGHBOURHOOD_Kitsilano
NEIGHBOURHOOD_Marpole
NEIGHBOURHOOD_Mount_Pleasant
NEIGHBOURHOOD_Musqueam
NEIGHBOURHOOD_Oakridge
NEIGHBOURHOOD_Renfrew_Collingwood
NEIGHBOURHOOD_Riley_Park
NEIGHBOURHOOD_Shaughnessy
NEIGHBOURHOOD_South_Cambie
NEIGHBOURHOOD_Stanley_Park
NEIGHBOURHOOD_Strathcona
NEIGHBOURHOOD_Sunset
NEIGHBOURHOOD_Victoria_Fraserview
NEIGHBOURHOOD_West_End
NEIGHBOURHOOD_West_Point_Grey
elementary_area_Admiral Seymour Elementary
elementary_area_Bayview Community Elementary
elementary_area_Britannia Community Elementary
elementary_area_Captain James Cook Elementary
elementary_area_Carnarvon Community Elementary
elementary_area_Champlain Heights Community Elementary
elementary_area_Charles Dickens Elementary
elementary_area_Chief Maquinna Elementary
elementary_area_David Livingstone Elementary
elementary_area_David Lloyd George Elementary
elementary_area_David Oppenheimer Elementary
elementary_area_Dr A R Lord Elementary
elementary_area_Dr Annie B Jamieson Elementary
elementary_area_Dr George M Weir Elementary
elementary_area_Dr H N MacCorkindale Elementary
elementary_area_Dr R E McKechnie Elementary
elementary_area_Edith Cavell Elementary
elementary_area_Elsie Roy Elementary
elementary_area_Emily Carr Elementary
elementary_area_False Creek Elementary
elementary_area_Florence Nightingale Elementary
elementary_area_G T Cunningham Elementary
elementary_area_General Brock Elementary
elementary_area_General Gordon Elementary
elementary_area_General Wolfe Elementary
elementary_area_Graham Bruce Community Elementary
elementary_area_Grandview Elementary
elementary_area_Hastings Community Elementary
elementary_area_Henry Hudson Elementary
elementary_area_J.W. Sexsmith Community Elementary
elementary_area_John Henderson Elementary
elementary_area_John Norquay Elementary
elementary_area_Kerrisdale Elementary
elementary_area_Laura Secord Elementary
elementary_area_Lord Beaconsfield Elementary
elementary_area_Lord Kitchener Elementary
elementary_area_Lord Nelson Elementary
elementary_area_Lord Roberts Elementary
elementary_area_Lord Selkirk Elementary
elementary_area_Lord Strathcona Community Elementary
elementary_area_Maple Grove Elementary
elementary_area_Mount Pleasant Elementary
elementary_area_Nootka Community Elementary
elementary_area_Pierre Elliott Trudeau Elementary
elementary_area_Queen Alexandra Elementary
elementary_area_Queen Elizabeth Elementary
elementary_area_Queen Mary Elementary
elementary_area_Quilchena Elementary
elementary_area_Renfrew Community Elementary
elementary_area_Shaughnessy Elementary
elementary_area_Simon Fraser Elementary
elementary_area_Sir Alexander Mackenzie Elementary
elementary_area_Sir Charles Kingsford-Smith
elementary_area_Sir Guy Carleton Community Elementary
elementary_area_Sir James Douglas Elementary
elementary_area_Sir John Franklin Community
elementary_area_Sir Matthew Begbie Elementary
elementary_area_Sir Richard McBride Elementary
elementary_area_Sir Sandford Fleming Elementary
elementary_area_Sir Wilfred Grenfell Community
elementary_area_Sir Wilfrid Laurier Elementary
elementary_area_Sir William Macdonald Community
elementary_area_Sir William Osler Elementary
elementary_area_Sir Wm Van Horne Elementary
elementary_area_Southlands Elementary
elementary_area_Tecumseh Elementary
elementary_area_Thunderbird Elementary
elementary_area_Trafalgar Elementary
elementary_area_Walter Moberly Elementary
elementary_area_Waverley Elementary
elementary_area_nan
secondary_area_Britannia Community Secondary
secondary_area_David Thompson Secondary
secondary_area_Eric Hamber Secondary
secondary_area_Gladstone Secondary
secondary_area_John Oliver Secondary
secondary_area_Killarney Secondary
secondary_area_King George Secondary
secondary_area_Kitsilano Secondary
secondary_area_Lord Byng Secondary
secondary_area_Magee Secondary
secondary_area_Point Grey Secondary
secondary_area_Prince of Wales Secondary
secondary_area_Sir Charles Tupper Secondary
secondary_area_Sir Winston Churchill Secondary
secondary_area_Templeton Secondary
secondary_area_Vancouver Technical Secondary
secondary_area_Windermere Community Secondary
secondary_area_nan